I'm really really excited to be part of
this year's show I just I'm raring to go
I can't wait I've got a great partner
and I think we're gonna you know we're
gonna put everything we've got into it
so yes I'm absolutely elated well I'm
really looking forward to dressing up
and just you know being glamorous I'm
looking forward to learning you know to
ballroom and to do the Latin dances and
to working with Anton I've spent two
hours with him two or three hours today
and he's just a dream he's an absolute
darling so it's gonna just be a lot of
fun I think the past series I loved mark
from Prakash I think it was easy Sal
sorry Samba I love that and I loved
Alicia's cha-cha-cha to the Beyonce that
was just cool I'm Layla Ruis make sure
you watch me on Strictly Come Dancing
this autumn on BBC one